Fusion Logic Additions and Fixes (#8645)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Added: 3 new hint location features: guarded by a Tank-Mimic, near a Geron and in a room with extreme temperatures.

#### Logic Database

##### Main Deck

- Added: Operations Deck: From elevator to next to top door, morph only Ludicrous Jump Extend.

##### Sector 2 (TRO)

- Added: Cathedral: From Puyo Corridor to Beside Drop, morph only Ludicrous Jump Extend.
- Added: Overgrown Entrance: Ludicrous hi-jump Jump Bomb Jump and Walljump up to Silo tunnel.
- Added: Level 1 Security Room: Ludicrous morph Jump Extend to SA blocks.

> - Added: Puyo Palace: From Cathedral to top floor, Ludicrous Jump Bomb Jump, Jump Extend and Walljump nonsense.

Reviewer: no "nonsense"
this is end user facing, please write somewhat professionally

- Changed: Crumble City: Inside Maze to Upper Pickup requires either morph or Beginner Movement.

##### Sector 3 (PYR)

> - Added: Alcove: Bombjump out of bottom right tunnel to do Advanced Walljump back and forth to Deserted Runway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added: Alcove: A way to reach the Deserted Runway Door from the bottom right tunnel by jumping out if it, with either Bombs or Springball. and then Advanced Walljumps.
```

- Added: Alcove: Bottom right to Deserted Runway, Ludicrous morph Jump Extends for enough height to Walljump off overhang to reach Deserted Runway.

> - Fixed: Alcove: Bottom right to center, regular bombs to break block requires Intermediate Mid-Air Morph or Stand On Frozen Enemy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Alcove: Going from the bottom right of the room to the center via regular Bombs to break the Block in the Tunnel now requires either Mid-Air Morph or Stand On Frozen Enemy on Intermediate.
```

- Added: Namihe's Lair: Advanced Walljump and Damage Boost to escape Pickup area.
- Added: Namihe's Lair: Expert Shinespark from Checkpoint Crossing to Pickup.

##### Sector 4 (AQA)

> - Added: Reservoir East: Room center to right door, Expert Damage Boost for just enough height to Walljump up to monkey bars and exit, possibly needing Advanced Mid-Air Morph off monkey bars to bomb blocks and Walljump back up.

Reviewer: the "possibly" part sounds off. I'd do something more like this instead:

```suggestion
- Added: Reservoir East: A way from the room center to reach the right door via an Expert Damage Boost off the Scizer for just enough height to do an Expert Walljump up to the monkey bars and exit. Breaking the Bomb Blocks in the path with Bombs will then additionally also need an Advanced Mid-Air Morph off of the monkey bars.
```
